EZP-30543: Remove Dynamic Settings functionality from kernel (#1007)
ezsystems/developer-documentation: docs/releases/ez_platform_v3.0_deprecations.md

- `\eZ\Publish\SPI\Persistence\Content\Handler::removeTranslationFromContent`

### Dynamic settings

> Using dynamic settings (through `$setting$`) and getting settings from the ConfigResolver in a class constructor is deprecated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using dynamic settings (through `$setting$`) and getting settings in a class constructor or method call has been dropped. It's recommended to use ConfigResolver instead. Please understand what implications it has and do not store the values globally, call `ConfigResolverInterface::getParameter` every time the value is needed.
```
Something along those lines :)

- `\eZ\Publish\SPI\Persistence\Content\Handler::removeTranslationFromContent`

### Dynamic settings

Using dynamic settings (through `$setting$`) and getting settings from the ConfigResolver in a class constructor
or method call has been dropped.

You should use the ConfigResolver instead.

> Do not store the values globally, call `ConfigResolverInterface::getParameter` instead every time the value is needed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Do not store the values globally. Every time the value is needed call `ConfigResolverInterface::getParameter`.
```
